what we want to do is the first
interactive exercise today
is publishing
your own
data set
and
for this
we want to use jin if you want to try
that i'm going to
send you the link to
the code that we're executing
in
[Music]
the chat whoops
that's
that actually copied everything that's
on that slide here's the link
um
it's not the right link sorry
this one
is the right link
and the service that i i want to show
you
um is is gin if you go to gin
jin.gnode.org you will see this kind of
landing page it doesn't have the same
feel to it as for example github but it
is essentially github it's it has very
similar underlying source code
and if you want to code along then i
would ask you to
make an account by registering or if you
already have account um signing in and
checking that everything still works the
reason why i really want to use
gin today
is because it is by far the easiest way
to publish any amount of large data and
i'm quite confident that if you want to
publish data later then this is the
place um that
is most attractive to you
a couple of advantages are that we have
this integration with the
convenience command to automatically
create a sibling
there is nx support on jin that makes it
easy to push
all of your data without any additional
configuration it is also nice because
the web interface uh nicely previews
annexed files even allows your
your consumers to go to that web
interface and just click a download
button on individual files in case they
don't want to clone the entire data set
it has great support for open science
practices so tina already mentioned it
yesterday and her first question
how important it is to actually you know
archive data put them into a stable
location that
is reachable it is permanent and
jin has the
very nice feature thanks to the people
at the german informatics note and the
university of munich
to assign a doi to your data set if you
ask them to do it there's an automated
process where you can say hey i want to
get a dui for this data set and in that
process it also ensures that there's
minimal metadata and the license
attached to your data set so it makes a
lot of open science principles a lot of
the fair findable accessible
interoperable reusable principles that
that that are very very relevant
it makes it really easy to adhere to
them jin supports private and public
repositories so you can actually use it
as a like private backup and then a lot
of people that that
create datasets on jin
push their data there drop it locally to
save the disk space and then retrieve it
from their personal little private
repository when they need it again
it runs on european infrastructure the
servers are standing somewhere in
bavaria and depending on your data
protection officer um this may be
something that is attractive also
depending on what kind of data you have
like still don't put any dicoms there i
would not recommend this
sensitive data
should be on infrastructure that you
fully control yourself
and then
jin is free
you can just have an account you can
just put data there and it doesn't
yet limit storage so in the many years
that i've used it jin has never put a
quota on file storage which is really
quite amazing
all right um here's a view on one of the
published data sets with a
no doi assigned to it i have front
memories of that data set because the
main author of this publication that
this data here belongs to he
just emailed me very late one day said
oh man adina we don't know each other
but i really need your help i have a you
know study published in nature and now
they want us to have published that data
yesterday and it's 200 gigabytes and i
don't know what to do and then we um had
a 30-minute email exchange and in the
end of those 30 minutes he had all of
his data published publicly as required
by the journal that's that's a really
fun memory of mine
um
i will
do the
the part of explaining um
what what needs to be done in order to
publish data in
interaction with mikhail um
and uh
if you could give me a quick
uh idea on
who of you is is coding along by um just
uh
writing your um
gin account name into the chat in case
you decide to register to code along uh
that would help us to
also prepare the next exercise on on
remote
collaboration um so the very first thing
that i would ask you to do is to go to
gin.gina.org i hope that's uh thanks to
me for putting it in the chat and create
a gym account there
and um the next part um is uh creating
an
uh ssh key and i'll wait two more
minutes for everyone to finish you know
setting up the accounts in case you want
to and then i'm going to hand over to
michael who's going to demonstrate how
to create an ssh key in the jupyter hub
um and then i'm going to briefly explain
a bit um how ssh keys actually
actually help you do things that you
want to do
um but uh first of all take your time to
to create the account
so once you have you your created
account on jin
you can go back to the jupiter hub
that we already used yesterday i will
send the address in in the chat
um
and you can again open up the terminal
uh so that we can continue
and
now
hand over to you michael
i'm going into my
twitter hub and i
am opening my terminal
and what i will want to do now is some
configuration so that i'm able to access
gm from this remote computer when i'm
logged in
and before we do that perhaps we could
talk about a moment about authentication
so how to how do we
how can we prove to dream that
it's us want to do things
and so the first way of
authenticating is the one that we are
probably most familiar with
it is a
password so
i'm giving it a password and i can
click sign in and it lets me in
passwords are
really good
for things like web browser access when
i need to log into a service so that's
one way
the other way is a token
and tokens are very much like passwords
and they are used in the same places as
passwords
with two differences first they are
usually not chosen but instead they are
given to us by a service
so they are computer generated they are
usually long and
not very
easy to read
and the second more important thing is
that tokens are scoped
so in this in this instance the password
lets me the website is a website and
that lets me do everything
but a token might let me only
create repositories but not
remove them or that we access a single
repository
and the goal for for a token is to be
given to some
program for
more or less automatic access
and instead of giving a password that
that has
has permissions to do everything
and the third
third way is by the means of ssh keys
and ssh keys are
files that contain some
piece of information they are
parasol files we're calling them pairs
of keys
we usually call one of them
public and one of them private because
they are
manufactured in such a way
that the two fit together
but it's very hard and it's easy to
prove that they are indeed into a pair
but it's very hard to manufacture the
private one knowing the public so you
give that you send the public key to the
service
and you keep the private key
private on your own computer or on your
server
and whenever
whenever the
program communicates
so git or pick out whenever they need to
communicate with
gene in this instance
they are able to prove that the keys
match and you
gain
[Music]
without
without need without without the
password
so in our materials we have
write down on on the keys and
we have the links to instructions that
are published
by
github
i think these are these are pretty much
the best out there they are step by step
they are
perfectly written down from mac windows
minutes
so that that's an important resource
whenever you need to
do this thing and we'll do this um step
by step
uh right here partially because we need
to set up our
computer partially because i think it's
if you haven't seen it before it's very
much worth to
go through the whole process
because the
key authentication is used by dream by
github by gitlab
and so on and
in my experience
the first time
when you're almost ready to go but
getting rejected because you don't have
the key
it can be an obstacle first time but
then you set it up and forget you you
ever needed to do this
so
we need to generate the pair
this pair of keys the public and private
one and there's a program compasses the
kitchen and there is a command that
that we need to
so
opening my story now
and i'm saying
um
by the way i can first
maybe
check
if i have some keys so they are stored
if i'm on
linux
they are stored in dot ssh directory in
my home folder
i don't have these
directories i don't
don't have these uh keys at all
if you are
working on your own um your problem and
you're not on linux you probably want to
follow the
github tutorials
but if you are on twitter hub then you
can safely proceed to generating a new
keeper
it's ssh
kitten
19 so this adds 25 519 is the name of an
algorithm used to generate this key pair
and it's pretty much standard today
and
dash c is a comment and the comment will
be my email address that i used to
register
for
it asks me where do i want to save this
file i want to save it exactly the
default location
it asks me to enter the passphrase so
this is the passphrase to the key not
the password to the service but the
passwords to the key
i could leave it blank for no passphrase
but i am on a shared resource so the
administrator of the jupiter lab for
example
that's me in this case
we could theoretically access the key
and
if we held the key we would be able to
communicate with your gene account so
you can use additional protection and
type passwords whenever that key is
going to be used you'll need to
use the pass
password to
unlock the key and then the key will be
used i'm
typing some passphrase
i'm repeating again
and it has been generated
and it tells me your identification has
been saved
in this place the public key has been
saved in this place the key fingerprint
is so this is uh
identification and this is a random art
represents some
pattern of the piece
i use i wanted to
look at it with my own eyes
let's see into the ssh directory now
there's two two files one is called dot
pub and one it has nothing in it
and
i think i can
and preview these files of cat displays
so it is a sequence of characters and
the private keys and
much longer sequence of characters
as i said crafted so that the two
things
match
okay now i can go to
gene web interface
and hope you
follow along
and go to the settings
in the settings i have a section
dedicated to ssh keys
as you can see i already have a couple
of keys added and my
practice is to
use one ssh keypad per one computer
this one
i'll just delete it this is an old one
i'm not using it and here's the button
add key
and this pops up uh amongst the github
guide that i showed
before but this also
has allows me to add a key the name is
something i will use to
use to identify it for myself and i will
call it
workshop
the content
is
the content of that
public
file
if you go to the
so what i could do
is i could display the
display there
sorry
so what i could do is to display the
file that
i
sort i
i missed one step
going back to my terminal
there's one command you can copy
that checks if the ssh agent works so
the ssh is a program that works in the
background
that is handling these cases it it's
giving them out as they are needed
and this this answer agent pid means
that the ssh agent is running in the
background
and now i need to tell the ssh agent
that i want
them
to
handle that key i just generate
so this is ssh-end
and the path to the key
that was created so if we use the
default name
it's the one that you can copy from the
instructions
and as i told you i gave it a passphrase
it's going to be used so i need to
use it and now the ssh agent says the
identities so i have not only created
this ssh keeper but i've also registered
with it with the ssh agent so that it
will be
used whenever needed
so finally we can go back to jin and we
can add it
there
we need the content of the
uh
dot pub files in the public key and i
can display it as i did select it copy
or open it in the editor selected copy
and ready or i can
stay in the terminal realm pb copy
does exactly that
the same thing as the control c usually
does i'm copying the content
of that
oh we don't
we don't have the pvp so i'm sorry
my bad
so i'll use cut to
display the file content
i will
select it
ctrl c
go to
tweet node
control v so it will look in the end
like this the name is what i gave it
before and there's a
ssh at 25 19 and
the content of my key and my email
address best if it's the same email
address as used with thing
and i'm clicking
add key
and it's
it's in my
in my
list here
and the identifier is from here
so that i can
for example verify without looking at
the content i can use the stage and
give me the
uh the fingerprint and i can see that
this what i am what i have on my
computer matches
what i have on
gym
so let me maybe stress what happened
here we gave our public key to
to gene so that
data or git or bit alex will be able to
talk with jim without
exchanging passwords
so might you might want to delete this
key from
from gene after the workshop ends that
way you are controlling
access to your account
and uh one more thing important in this
content is that
gene requires you to use the
ssh key authentication method if you are
going to send a next content so if
you're going to send quote-unquote
big file content
so the procedure for github is
is the same except the windows and
buttons look slightly different
you can
upload the ssh key and it
will help you bypass the tokens in many
many places
and
so i am using ssh key with github as my
primary method
some people might still prefer tokens
before they because they are scolds or
they are
created for specific operations or
specific
specific repositories but the short
answer is yes
quickly hijack your screen sharing
to
display a screenshot of how it would
look like for github i'm sorry about
that but if you and i would definitely
recommend it doing it on github if you
were to add
ssh key and you can
you can you can add the same as this h
key that you're using on other
repository hosting services also to
githubs if you're
redoing all of these steps that you have
done in the jupyter hub on your local
computer for your operating system um
then you can use one in the same public
key to use with gin and github um or
several different ones that's completely
okay as well uh on github the url is
obviously a little bit different um
lucas has already uh
i i think um
you know guided you to to the right
settings so when you are on github and
you have
logged into your account then you can go
to settings and then the ssh and gpg
keys and there as well you are able to
assign an arbitrary title to the ssh key
that you're adding and add the contents
beginning with the ssh protocol or
algorithm identifier and ending with
your email address into the field that
is called key and then add that as an
ssh key
and um
to also um
support
uh what michela said about the
uh you know requirements for
synchronizing contents with repositories
over various types of protocols
it's a little bit confusing initially
but you you might have noticed that
when you click on a clone this
repository button
on
github or on other repository hosting
services that it gives you this
convenient little box that lets you
clone the url
and there are
several urls that you can choose from
the difference between those urls is
typically the protocol that they use in
order to communicate with the remote
server that is github watching
and you can either use
a https protocol that is an https uh url
that that looks like this it more or
less looks like a completely normal url
https colon slash
url and then it doesn't end with de or
dot com but it ends with dot git um
or you use the
ssh url which has a slightly weird form
it has this git add
and then repository hosting service gin
or github
followed by a colon and then it looks
like a path
importantly and because it's already
hinted at it uh
most repository hosting services are
increasing security to prevent misuse
and while you can for all of these
repositories clone
repository hosting services you can you
can clone repositories without any
authentication so you you can be if you
if you go to a public repository a
public general repository a public
github repository public general
repository
you don't need to have user account you
can take the https url and clone it to
get access but if you want to contribute
anything if you want to upload anything
then what
most repository hosting services um
definitely
favor if not enforce is
connection via ssh so jin requires ssh
github does not require it but ssh is
far easier so even though this practice
of creating this
weird gibberish password ssh key thing
looks a little bit
complex over it but um it
in the long run makes the authentication
process with this repository hosting
much much smoother and easier and once
you have it set it once you have set it
up it's usually um everything that
needed to be done yes that's
the one one time action now that does
not need to be repeated and then you get
no no no need to input a password no
need to input a username anymore
um okay
so i guess um with everyone set up
we can perform um what is called or what
what sometimes can be called creating
a
repository on a remote
as a sibling
in order to
for example publish
the data that you've acquired
um and we're doing this for jin and i've
shown you several ways of doing this
before
and there are
two ways in which you can
do this too
so the first route is by creating a
repository with the web interface that
jin provides and then adding that as
a repository by hand
and the second one is by creating a
repository using
data like create sibling gin
and i think we can we can easily
demonstrate both of these um
by any chance do you want to to present
the first route and i'm going to present
the second one
yes
let's let's do it
okay i hope my screen is
budget you know
if you are to go the
traditional
route through the web interface
uh we're going back to tin and
somewhere
here should be a button create and
there's another plus button here that
says
new repository so i'm
choosing either of those new
repository
it opens a window with some
basic information
the owner
is me
in this case the repository name so the
repository will engine will be a place
for our data set to leave
so i'll call it
take a look
101 or
data at workshop or
whatever this will identify the
repository then i can choose whether
it's private or public but jin doesn't
jin assumes that at the beginning it
will always be private and i can change
it later
i can give it a title or a description
so this is something that will be shown
very
prominently
and one more thing
jing proposes uh that it can create some
initial files for us
like a live sense file and a readme file
uh this is sometimes useful it's good to
have this one in the repository but one
important thing for today
is that i am
unchecking this checkbox initialized pc
was during the selected files and
template so i want it to be
completely empty when i create i want it
to be empty because i don't want to
start by needing to address a conflict
that some files are on gene but not on
my computer so
give it a name optional give it a title
and
uncheck this this checkbox that says
initialize with selected files and
hit the green button
create repository
when i'm here i am getting imc and that
it is it has no i'm not seeing any files
because it's empty and i am seeing some
basic instructions how to
interact with kit or with jingle client
but the most important thing for me here
is this
url that identifies the repository
and i've gone the length of creating the
ssh key so i can quickly toggle
and have
gene display
the ssh
address that i will be using to
communicate with
and
if i go back to dashboard i can see this
repository at the list of my
repositories near the top
so this is one way
and should actually shall we proceed to
creating it from the command line all
right so
the
second route to go would be not by going
to the gen web interface and clicking
the plus but actually letting data let
do the work um in the background for you
and that is going to be done
by using this create sibling engine
convenience command
okay so
one more thing i did not say is that
with that url i would then copy it go to
my data set and to datalab siblings add
give it a name
and then give it this url so having
created it on gene i would then register
it with my local data set so that it
knows it has a signal
yeah
it would be the very same process
um
with any other repository hosting
service also with for example a github
repository
um it's just the only thing that you
need to remember so your data set can
have multiple siblings they can point to
different places
but they each need to have a unique name
else they will complain so you will not
be able to have two siblings under the
same name and the name is something that
you give explicitly
and in this case here in the command
this name is jin if you then have
another
sibling on github you may want to call
that signal for example github
um so in order to demonstrate the second
command datalit creates something in i'm
going to go back into the terminal and
i'm going to go inside of the data set
that i want to publish and then i'm
going to call the data let create
sibling jin command
and in principle the only thing that
this command needs is the name that i
want to have on my
account for this sibling i think i
already have a data like 101 data set
there so i'm just going to call it my
data set so that it's going to be my gen
account that's adzva
and then my data set
um what i can also say is um
what kind of name that sibling should
have
if you use data let create sibling the
default would actually begin but just to
be very explicit i'm going to write it
out
and you can already if you're coding
along you can you can stop this command
right here i need to
do a different thing to to also include
the step on how to create tokens
so what i'm going to do is i'm using to
using the credential command
that is an addition to any create
sibling command that
you can use in the case that you have
for example multiple accounts on a
different service and with the
credential command
you can
point datalite to a specific credential
that you want to use so what i'm doing
now because i already have registered my
my token i'm going to talk about what
that is and in a minute because i
already have linked that data that we'll
be able to authenticate
automatically but i want to show you how
you make data that authenticates so i'm
going to use this credential parameter
but you don't need it
so the first times what datalit now
tries to do it is tries to to access jin
and it tries to do that with a
credential that it doesn't yet have it
will be the very same thing for you
because you have never connected that
data led on the jupiter hub with your
gin account so the message that i'm here
receiving from datalit from the command
line is an access token is required for
gin.ginor.org
visit this website to create a token and
the token is a way of um access
management that mikhail has already
talked about um it's a security check
that is very useful um
because it ensures that no application
no other no other user is able to go to
your repository on any repository
hosting and
go wild deleting or creating new
repositories so what an access token is
is a computer computer-generated
password um typically it comes with a
scope of things that
it um access that it gives access to
such as
creating
or deleting repositories and if i go to
gin dot g naught o dot org
user settings applications
um
i first need to log in because i haven't
been yet
then it will take me
to my settings
and i can then go and click the button
[Music]
generate new token you can see that i
also
use gin quite a bit so i have a number
of tokens already available that i have
used to um to give access to various
applications to make
changes to my gene account so if i
generate a new token i'm prompted to
enter an arbitrary name so i'm just
going to call that
rdm curse jupiter
but you can you can take any other name
of your choice and if i generate that
token
i get this computer generated string
that i need to copy
in the case
of
you wanting to keep that token private
for your private computer um when you
copy it make sure to also create
you know just a temporary file somewhere
and put it there because um once you
close that page you will never be able
to see that token again you can of
course always regenerate one but in the
case that you really want to keep that
token um
outside of the jupiter hub make a copy
of it
immediately and what i do then now that
i have generated that token that will
give an application such as data led
access to my user account um i will
control v it into this terminal it will
not show so it's this is because this is
a token if you paste anything it will
not show up in your terminal so that you
know you don't accidentally expose
secrets i hope that has worked but don't
panic if you don't see anything don't
don't paste it twice
just hit enter after you've inclu
included it and then datalit is able to
you know create the sibling in
uh your name under your user account and
it gives you here this this address that
has been
created create itself i i can actually
go to
to my
user account and i have created this
data set now it's the very same thing
that mika has just shown you you you get
um the very same
outcome as if you would have created it
with a little plus sign
but um the neat thing is that you can
now run uh datalite siblings to list all
of the
available
siblings it is already registered under
the name jin under this url if you are
running this
what will happen you will see a little
message that really asks you to if you
are sure to to to connect
because datalite siblings will make an
ssh request with your newly added ssh
key to the gym server and whenever that
happens for the first time the system
that you're on will make sure that you
actually um do want to connect to that
new system so if you see a message that
asks you to to
print yes or fingerprint to anything
then just
say yes
i can also say git remote v because
sibling is
the same concept as a remote i can also
use git to query my siblings uh and
here's one thing i wanted to draw your
attention to and this is the difference
in protocols that is
used in talking to jin so
git makes this distinction or fetch and
push urls it's a little of a technical
detail but a fetch url something which
is where it is updated from
you might remember that i've told you
that
using the https protocol you can get
data sets
even without authentication and
that is made use of here so whenever you
update in git terms that is called a
fetch it will use the https protocol
whenever you push so if you push your
local updates it will use an ssh url
to emphasize what happened here
uh when i was doing things manually from
the interface i had to
create a repository by clicking buttons
and then i would have to do data
siblings add to
register this sibling with my data set
here the create sibling gene created a
repository on gene and it also
registered this sibling
you can see that you can see it
the output that says configure something
okay
so it did these two things for us
and here
we had a little interruption for setting
up the token
but
just like with ssh keys this is
something we need to do once per
computer usually so
any subsequent interactions with jin
could be just me doing they got great
blah blah blah and things would happen
without me having to establish new
tokens that token is already established
and take a lot
knows about it so this is a very
convenient way if you need to create
several
several repositories or if you're
creating multiple small data sets that
you want to publish right away
yeah and now that the sibling is set up
and registered in your local data sets
the only thing that's left to do is to
actually publish your data set to that
um to that remote sibling and the
command to do that is state to let push
data let push by default will take
everything that it can push to the
remote location it will figure that out
automatically if it is a location that
can host both git and nx contents it
will push everything
and then you just supply it with the
name that you have identified your
sibling with so the gin repository is
known as a sibling under the name jin so
if i say data let push to gin it will
perform all of the necessary transfers
of the data and also update the
repository with the git history and if i
now refresh this
view of my data set
you can see that everything that i have
done yesterday
in this data set is now published to jin
it's not public because the data set by
default is still private but you can see
that um i have uh this this history of
everything that was done 16 commits you
know i can i can browse them and check
what what has been done
and
jin has this neat little file browser
for annex contents that uh displays the
next contents as a little preview for
most common
file formats
which is which is really handy so if you
point a collaborator that only wants to
have one file and does not know about
datalet they can also go here and simply
click download uh in order to
perform downloads of individual files
that's really quite neat
so
correction the data set we created with
create sibling team is actually public
but this is something you can control
the
engine has a flag um sorry
private i think
sure
that's true
i think i see a raised hand
yes sorry i have a question so if you
have multiple repositories say you have
more than one data set and you
uh push and pull them from gin
would you just be able to do that with
this command data that push
dash to gin when you're in the data set
locally you want to push or do you have
to specify that further so that doesn't
get tangled up
so
that's let's see if it works clarifying
we use data.
because previously we did data create
sibling dash dash name gene so what goes
after
two is the name we've given explicitly
ourself
with the name argument
okay so that would be the point where
you specify it okay but it's uh it's the
name of these data siblings so i can
this data set savings
so i can have three data sets
each of them would have a sibling named
gene
pointing to a different repository
or i can use any other another name to
identify for myself
i'm quickly demonstrating this um here
so now i've just created a local sibling
uh that lives on the same jupiter hub uh
it's just a directory up um if i go to
the root i can see here that's the
sibling of my data set
that sibling is still an empty
repository but it is registered in my
data set and now i have two repositories
one is called jin the other is called
other name because i created it with the
dash dash name
other name
parameter and um if i were to days ahead
push to gin then
that will actually just like say
everything is up to date there's nothing
to publish and this will have not
affected the
sibling other name but if i say data let
push to
other what do they call it other name
then that will not affect jin but it
will
go and ahead and publish all of the data
set contents history and
exponents to that other sibling
um so first of all
in case that
you click these settings here and this
little box private
is unchecked um that means that you have
a public repository um i'll just
reiterate here because you know for some
people it might be really relevant to
keep the repository private in case you
want to keep the repository private
um without creating it via the interface
but with create sibling jin
um the uh command needs the dash dash
private flag and that will make the
repository private sorry for
um forgetting about that but
it might be relevant so
we are looking at are now repository
settings it's not the account settings
we're looking for of the repository
settings exactly so i'm i'm
under my user account in the data set
we've just published
and then i go to settings
and this gives me the repository
settings and here i can see this
repository indeed isn't private but it
is public now a public repository now
has the
immense
advantage that you can find anyone
anywhere to this repository now you just
share that url and they can clone it and
in case that you have an account engine
then you can also just copy
the ssh url um
to to clone it
um what will
um going to do now i'm just going to
quickly um summarize this little session
on publishing and updating data
so what we've seen is jin it's a free
repository hosting service with what you
need to publish engine is an account and
an ssh key at minimum if you want to use
it from data from the command line then
you also need to generate a token but
ssh key and token generation are just
one-time operations per computer that
you use
um there's the create syblingen command
built in integration
to operate with jin
and
jin has an exopod that means the data
led push publishes all data set contents
and history in the case that you want to
keep certain files private
then there are configurations that you
can use to make directories of
specific patterns or file names specific
file types
[Music]
to configure those those files to not be
automatically pushed
those are called preferred content
configurations um
or you can provide data like push with
specific paths to names that should
explicitly um be pushed but data like
push if you use it like that it will
push everything that it is capable of
pushing um on a repository hosting
service like this it will not even
attempt to push nx data it will only
push the git part whenever it can find
an nx support it will push also the nx
what i can do now that my data set is
published is actually something that
wasn't possible yesterday because the
data that i have now pushed to
jin
is available from several registered
locations the availability information
was updated in the background so i can
now go ahead and data let drop an image
that
i wasn't able to drop yesterday because
that was just
added without a remote location so if i
now today to let drop it will actually
drop it and if i run data let
get
off this file again
i can retrieve it
in this case i used it from the other
name repositories or the other sibling
um but if you were to run this locally
now it would retrieve it from jin so
this is how you use my sibling as your
private backup
um
so yeah
once you have that data set up there it
can be cloned by others if it's public
it doesn't require gen account
and so in the case that you know you
already have a lab github account
and this is typically where you publish
all of your data sets or your code and
stuff
and you don't really want to use genera
you are a little bit reluctant because
it's
known by nobody
and how will people find it
one thing that you can do and there's
also a walkthrough or how to do this in
the handbook
is to have several
siblings one on github one on gin and
then you can automatically configure the
siblings on github to know about jin so
that the data let get that any
of the consumers of your data set
run will retrieve the data from the
archive on jin for example so that you
have the best of both worlds you have
the exposure
of your labs github account
and you have the
proper archival doi association and
data storage that jin provides